protocols/kad: Improve options to efficiently retrieve (#2712)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: protocols/kad/CHANGELOG.md

  This would eventually lead to warning that says: "New inbound substream to PeerId exceeds inbound substream limit. No older substream waiting to be reused."
  See [PR 3152].

- Refactor APIs to be streaming.
  - Renamed `KademliaEvent::OutboundQueryCompleted` to `KademliaEvent::OutboundQueryProgressed`

>   - Instead of a single event `OutboundQueryCompleted`, there are now multiple events emitted, allowing the user to process them as they come in (via the new `OutboundQueryProgressed`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Instead of a single event `OutboundQueryCompleted`, there are now multiple events emitted, allowing the user to process them as they come in (via the new `OutboundQueryProgressed`). See `ProgressStep` to identify the final `OutboundQueryProgressed` of a single query.
```

>   - `get_providers` and `get_record` do not terminate automatically anymore, the caller needs to call `query.finish()`, on termination conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - To finish a query early, i.e. before the final `OutboundQueryProgressed` of the query, a caller needs to call `query.finish()`.
```

They do terminate automatically. Though not before the final `OutboundQueryProgressed`. The above suggestion would make that easier to understand for me.

>   - There is no more automatic caching of records, the user has to manually call `put_record_to` on the `QueryInfo::GetRecord.cache_candiates`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - There is no more automatic caching of records. The user has to manually call `put_record_to` on the `QueryInfo::GetRecord.cache_candidates` to cache a record to a close peer that did not return the record on the foregone query.
```
